MATHJAX_FIX_SUMMARY.md, before:

# MathJax Chrome Display Fix - Issue #12

## Problem
The MathJax logo `\( \nabla \cdot \) AI` was not displaying correctly in Chrome browser, while it worked fine in Firefox. The mathematical notation was showing as raw LaTeX code instead of rendered symbols.

## Root Cause
The issue was caused by insufficient MathJax v3 configuration for Chrome browser. Chrome requires:
1. Proper ES6 polyfills for compatibility
2. Explicit configuration of inline math delimiters
3. Proper startup sequence configuration
4. DOM ready state handling

## Solution Implemented

### 1. Added ES6 Polyfill
```javascript
<script src="https://polyfill.io/v3/polyfill.min.js?features=es6"></script>
```

### 2. Added Comprehensive MathJax Configuration
```javascript
window.MathJax = {
  tex: {
    inlineMath: [['\\(', '\\)'], ['$', '$']],
    displayMath: [['\\[', '\\]'], ['$$', '$$']],
    processEscapes: true,
    processEnvironments: true
  },
  options: {
    ignoreHtmlClass: 'tex2jax_ignore',
    processHtmlClass: 'tex2jax_process'
  },
  startup: {
    ready: function () {
      MathJax.startup.defaultReady();
      MathJax.startup.promise.then(function () {
        // Ensure processing happens after page load
        document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
          MathJax.typesetPromise();
        });
        // Also trigger immediately in case DOM is already loaded
        if (document.readyState === 'complete' || document.readyState === 'interactive') {
          MathJax.typesetPromise();
        }
      });
    }
  }
};
```

### 3. Modified Script Loading
- Added `async` attribute to MathJax script loading
- Ensured configuration script loads before MathJax library

### 4. Enhanced Logo Element
- Added `id='logo-math'` to the logo span for easier targeting if needed

## Files Modified
- `main.py`: Updated the `head` section with proper MathJax configuration

## Expected Result
The divergence symbol `∇ ·` should now display correctly in Chrome browser as mathematical notation instead of raw LaTeX code `\( \nabla \cdot \)`.

## Testing
The fix should be tested in:
- Chrome browser (latest version)
- Firefox (should continue working)
- Safari (for additional compatibility)

## References
- MathJax v3 Documentation: https://docs.mathjax.org/en/latest/
- Chrome MathJax issues: Various Stack Overflow and GitHub discussions
- Browser compatibility considerations for mathematical rendering

Commit message:

Fix MathJax rendering in Chrome with CSS and configuration updates
Co-authored-by: aramis.entreri <aramis.entreri@gmail.com>

MATHJAX_FIX_SUMMARY.md, after:

# MathJax Chrome Display Fix - Issue #12

## Problem
The MathJax logo `\( \nabla \cdot \) AI` was not displaying correctly in Chrome browser, while it worked fine in Firefox. The mathematical notation was showing as raw LaTeX code instead of rendered symbols. Additionally, after implementing the initial fix, the math symbols were briefly appearing but then disappearing due to CSS conflicts.

## Root Cause
The issue was caused by two main problems:
1. **Insufficient MathJax v3 configuration** for Chrome browser requiring:
   - Proper ES6 polyfills for compatibility
   - Explicit configuration of inline math delimiters
   - Proper startup sequence configuration
   - DOM ready state handling

2. **CSS conflicts** with gradient text effects:
   - The `-webkit-text-fill-color: transparent` property was making MathJax-rendered content invisible
   - Gradient background-clip settings were interfering with MathJax elements

## Solution Implemented

### 1. Added ES6 Polyfill
```javascript
<script src="https://polyfill.io/v3/polyfill.min.js?features=es6"></script>
```

### 2. Added Comprehensive MathJax Configuration
```javascript
window.MathJax = {
  tex: {
    inlineMath: [['\\(', '\\)'], ['$', '$']],
    displayMath: [['\\[', '\\]'], ['$$', '$$']],
    processEscapes: true,
    processEnvironments: true
  },
  options: {
    ignoreHtmlClass: 'tex2jax_ignore',
    processHtmlClass: 'tex2jax_process'
  },
  startup: {
    ready: function () {
      MathJax.startup.defaultReady();
      MathJax.startup.promise.then(function () {
        // Ensure processing happens after page load
        document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
          MathJax.typesetPromise();
        });
        // Also trigger immediately in case DOM is already loaded
        if (document.readyState === 'complete' || document.readyState === 'interactive') {
          MathJax.typesetPromise();
        }
      });
    }
  }
};
```

### 3. Modified Script Loading
- Added `async` attribute to MathJax script loading
- Ensured configuration script loads before MathJax library

### 4. Fixed CSS Conflicts
- Separated the logo into two spans: `.math-symbol` for the math notation and `.logo-text` for "AI"
- Applied gradient styling only to the "AI" text part
- Created specific CSS rules to prevent gradient effects from affecting MathJax elements
- Added JavaScript post-processing to ensure MathJax elements maintain proper styling

### 5. Enhanced Logo Element
- Added `id='logo-math'` to the math symbol span for easier targeting
- Added CSS classes `.math-symbol` and `.logo-text` for better style control

## Files Modified
- `main.py`: Updated the `head` section with proper MathJax configuration and modified logo HTML structure
- `styles.css`: Fixed CSS conflicts between gradient text effects and MathJax rendering

## Expected Result
The divergence symbol `∇ ·` should now display correctly in Chrome browser as mathematical notation instead of raw LaTeX code `\( \nabla \cdot \)`.

## Testing
The fix should be tested in:
- Chrome browser (latest version)
- Firefox (should continue working)
- Safari (for additional compatibility)

## References
- MathJax v3 Documentation: https://docs.mathjax.org/en/latest/
- Chrome MathJax issues: Various Stack Overflow and GitHub discussions
- Browser compatibility considerations for mathematical rendering
